

Initiate session
----------------------------------------
Hi there! I'm PaintPal. It is such a nice day today. Do you want to paint?
That's too bad. are you sure? We could make something to show your loved ones when they visits.
Alright, take care. I'm here if you need me.

Do you want to draw with a pencil or use water colors?
Sorry we only have these two mediums to paint now.

Do you have the drawing tools and colors in front of you?
You should have a paper and a pencil.
You should have a paper, a paint brush, some colors and water.

Let me have the caretaker bring it for you.

Now that we have everything ready, lets decide on what we want to paint today.

Painting style
---------------------------------
Paint or draw
-----------------------------------
Do you already have an art style in mind? Or would you like some suggestions?

Do you want to try the Abstract style?
Here is an example of abtract modern style of painting.Abstract art is art that does not attempt to represent an accurate depiction of a visual reality but instead use shapes, colours, forms and gestural marks to achieve its effect. Here is an example.

Do you want to try the  Kubist Style?
Cubism is a style of art that emerged in the early 20th century and is characterized by the use of geometric shapes, fragmented forms, and multiple viewpoints to create a complex and abstract image. Here is an example.

De Stijl

Do you want to try the Van Gogh Style?
Van Gogh style of painting involves bold, dramatic brush strokes which expressed emotion. Here is an example.

Do you want to try the Impressionist style Style?

The characterizations of the style include small, visible brushstrokes that offer the bare impression of form, unblended color and an emphasis on the accurate depiction of natural light. Here is an example.

Do you want to try the Renaissance style Style?
The Characteristics of the Renaissance include a renewed interest in classical antiquity.

Do you want to pick this style?


I'm sorry I dont know the answer to this.

Thats a really good question, but I dont know the answer to this right now.

Okay sure!


Okay, let's pick a topic now! Do you want to draw a specific topic? Or would you like to draw a personal picture?

Would you like to see topics that are already in your chosen style? Or the original pictures?

Great, what do you want to paint? I will show you some nice examples


Give me a moment to find a nice picture.

Do you want to pick this?

Oh too bad! Lets try somethign else! Give me a moment.

Now let's start painting!


Painting session
----------------------------























